Typos and Grammar fixes (#18)
tsl143/itsopensource: content/blog/offline-caching-with-serviceworkers/index.md

```

**Install Service worker:**  

> When the service worker is installed (initiated by the script from website), we need to define the resources which we wish to cache, These are cached and linked to specific `Cache` key.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the serviceworker is installed (initiated by the script from website), we need to define the resources which we wish to cache, These are cached and linked to specific `Cache` key.  
```

```

***

> While most of the time service workers are constrained to progressive web apps, but these are also used to make websites more performant and better user experience.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While most of the time serviceworkers are constrained to progressive web apps, but these are also used to make websites more performant and better user experience.  
```
